# LEED BD+C Practice Exam Tool
Practice tool for LEED BD+C exam questions. Generates a config.json file that can be uploaded to a LLM like ChatGPT to generate questions. Allows upload for a question.json that formats practice questions into an online test with timer. After test is submitted, it is graded and produces a results.json that can be analyzed or used for review.

Download each of the files to the same directory, then open index.html in a local browser.

## Exam Setup
Enter number of questions, time limit, and topic filter based on LEED section. These inputs are used to generate a config.json file that can be uploaded to an LLM to generate practice questions.

## question.json
JSON should have the following format:
```
[
    {
    "id": 1,
    "question": "Question content",
    "options": [
      "Option A",
      "Option B",
      "Option C",
      "Option D"
    ],
    "answer": "Option C",
    "topic": "Water Efficiency (WE)"
  }, ...
]
```
Regardless of the question.json uploaded, ensure that an appropriate value is set for the 'Timer', as the 'Timer' generated by the Start Exam button is created from that text field.

## Open File Helper
Occasionally, ChatGPT will throw a "File not found" error when returning a downloadable JSON file. In this case, it can be helpful to return a Base64 string containing all the JSON data instead. The Base64 string would have the following format:
```
-----BEGIN BASE64-----
(encoded string)
-----END BASE64-----
```

## results.json
After a test is submitted, overall test score percentage and each individual test category percentage will be displayed at the top of the screen. Each question below the summarized results will be labeled as either correct or incorrect. Correct answers are highlighted in green, while incorrect answers are highlighted in red.

Additionally, a results.json file can be downloaded at the bottom of the exam, which contains each question and selected answer. This can be uploaded to an LLM to provide detailed explanations, or be used in conjunction with a separate application.
